eat for that favor and that for her
was following the first meeting between these
teams
pedro very accurate transfer
performs scores fabregas by the way
speaking and in the previous match which
ended with the victory of Barcelona on the road
with a score of 52
these guys were doing the result were
situations in which the hips assisted
fabregas in one of the episodes of the thigh
penalty for work
la2 at home on
sesk fabregas draws a double
great tron style performance
main events happen right now
not even scored today
fans rejoice best
barcelona
I think that if anyone is there for you today
fans rejoice best
barcelona
I think that if someone gave the opponent there
catch your site from specialists as if
osman I said well knew handle
a bathrobe, why should I beat
Drigo Well, now Barcelona, ​​I think
in full
black and victory large and messi scored
after his return the first goal
you are not afraid of it in the cup is still
eight championships have more league goals
champions
but not Messi will be back here now
for beautiful headlines but for the very
gave and of course matters manta and
help unsubscribed then you not wanting
becomes author productive
transfer to the 90 minute scores
place
it became more fun here
only from the very fact it was the game that became
much more substantial mass has
myself thought there are four but
here is the ending
amused here
we bend
here attacked here was life here in
this game barcelona
if makes out double
appeared
half an hour
at 89 and 90 the third is hammered
Well, 40 of this is already up
more than enough for that
leopard go to the quarter-finals
return meetings like all the same
becoming a scoring formality
transfer of alexashenko together on
wonderful speeds